Kevin Connolly: This is one we have some data on. So, like, the application start to getting a job offer in the industry, we call it time to hire. There's a few other timing metrics, but this time to hire one is mostly a reflection of recruiting team process.
Kevin Connolly: The median for engineering roles across our company base, which is pre-representative, is about 40 days.
Kevin Connolly: This will vary for, university hiring or internships where larger companies sometimes do just, like, hiring career fair sprints. But you'll know from context whether their process is, like, we're gonna try and hire people, like, literally today at this, like, on-site event, or…
Kevin Connolly: A good recruiting team will tell you the typical process, and there's a typical process in, like, structured tech interviewing, something like recruiter screen, screen, assessment, or take home. Sometimes they flip the order of them, then you do, like, an on-site panel to offer maybe a background check.
Kevin Connolly: So, 50 days on average.
Kevin Connolly: 40 days by median, and then, of course, distribution is a distribution, so some teams will go really fast. Typically, if they're smaller, it's the smallest teams that tend to go the fastest, and you get up to larger enterprise orgs. They don't have the outliers, like, they're not super slow, but they're also not super fast.
Kevin Connolly: And I have a chart here. This is,
Kevin Connolly: business versus tech roles, again, split out, so you can see, like, an average time to hire, that's the applications start to getting higher, like, offers signed, it's, like, 45 days, and it's pretty… I think the notable thing here is that it's stable. So, like, this particular metric is…
Kevin Connolly: Probably more a reflection of just when people get
Kevin Connolly: scheduled for an onsite, they want to wait a week or two, or there's, like, scheduling delays between interview steps, so, like, the weeks kind of accumulate and they all shake out to being…
Kevin Connolly: Anywhere between 3 to 5 weeks, 6 weeks.
Kevin Connolly: And then this, I pulled… this is the, hire… the candidate experience, so you can say, like.
Kevin Connolly: sometimes there's a small startup will have, like, an interview process. It's like, you talk to a hiring manager, then you talk to
Kevin Connolly: the CEO, and then you get hired. So, like, your grand total is, like, an hour and a half of interviews. Other more structured companies, and that's what this is, like, it's the aggregate hours of interviews for the candidate that gets hired.
Kevin Connolly: Split out by business and tech roles. But you can see, like, you can kind of expect to do, like, three and a half, maybe four hours of interviewing if you're gonna apply to a company, but some companies, depending on the role, process, details, you could be an outlier, get out to the tails, like, seven hours of interviewing aggregated over that.
Kevin Connolly: 4 weeks of process.